Since no one sent him an invitation
How did he get in?
manager
If the manager's manager doesn't give him an explanation
I destroyed the hotel
What are you dissatisfied with the lack of money?
Are you giving me food?
This young master said that I will book the venue today
But why are all the Amoo dogs thrown in?
Qian Shao's service has always been reputable.
There must be some misunderstanding.
Misunderstand how this garbage got in
Besides, you have to lose money.
This young master is in a good mood today
Give you a chance to make amends
Throw me this trash
Qian Shao is humming
I would like to
You have to put the hotel down first
Break your legs and his legs
I want to pull people out
We are all classmates
Don't go too far
Why bother to kill
Dong Jia, why do you have to speak for a waste?
I want money, I don't have a car, I don't even have a girlfriend
Not as confused as you
Don't care what waste of time
Who says Zhang Cheng doesn't have a girlfriend?